README.md, before:

## NOTES ANGULAR

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 16.2.4.

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. 
```

Open [http://localhost:4200](http://localhost:4200) with your browser to see the result.

```bash
Run `ng build` for a production build.`. 
```

## About

This is a note taking app. The notes can be written using [Markdown](https://www.markdownguide.org/).

# Folders

Folders can be created for organising the Notes. The name and colour of these Folders can be updated. Empty Folders can be deleted. The Notes within a Folder can be moved to other Folders.
To create a Folder select the **Add Notebook** button on the Notebooks page. An "Add Folder" dialogue box will appear. Add the Notebook name and colour and select the **Add Notebook** button to create the new Folder.

# Notes

To create a new Note select the Notebook where that Note will be stored and then select the **Add Note** button. An empty Note will be created within the current Folder. Enter Markdown into the empty Note and then select the **Create Note** button.

By default the notes are displayed as rendered Markdown. The notes can be edited by selecting the **Edit** button which will display the unrendered Markdown. Selecting the **View** button will display the rendered Markdown.

To move a Note or Notes from a Folder select the **Edit Notes** button. All the Notes within that folder will become selectable. Select those Notes which you want to move and then select the **Move** button. A dialogue box will appear with a dropdown list showing all available Notebooks. Select the destination Notebook and then select the **Move Note/s** button.

To delete a Note or Notes from a folder select the **Edit Notes** button. All the notes within that folder will become selectable. Select those Notes which you want to delete and then select the **Delete** button. The selected N otes will be deleted.

The Notebooks and the Notes in a Notebook are displayed in the order which they were updated.

Commit message:

Upgraded to best practice for Angular v21.1.3. See UPGRADE_SUMMARY.md

README.md, after:

## NOTES ANGULAR

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 16.2.4.

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. 
```

Open [http://localhost:4200](http://localhost:4200) with your browser to see the result.

```bash
Run `ng build` for a production build.`. 
```

The production files are in /dist/notes-angular-public/browser

## About

This is a note taking app. The notes can be written using [Markdown](https://www.markdownguide.org/).

# Folders

Folders can be created for organising the Notes. The name and colour of these Folders can be updated. Empty Folders can be deleted. The Notes within a Folder can be moved to other Folders.
To create a Folder select the **Add Notebook** button on the Notebooks page. An "Add Folder" dialogue box will appear. Add the Notebook name and colour and select the **Add Notebook** button to create the new Folder.

# Notes

To create a new Note select the Notebook where that Note will be stored and then select the **Add Note** button. An empty Note will be created within the current Folder. Enter Markdown into the empty Note and then select the **Create Note** button.

By default the notes are displayed as rendered Markdown. The notes can be edited by selecting the **Edit** button which will display the unrendered Markdown. Selecting the **View** button will display the rendered Markdown.

To move a Note or Notes from a Folder select the **Edit Notes** button. All the Notes within that folder will become selectable. Select those Notes which you want to move and then select the **Move** button. A dialogue box will appear with a dropdown list showing all available Notebooks. Select the destination Notebook and then select the **Move Note/s** button.

To delete a Note or Notes from a folder select the **Edit Notes** button. All the notes within that folder will become selectable. Select those Notes which you want to delete and then select the **Delete** button. The selected N otes will be deleted.

The Notebooks and the Notes in a Notebook are displayed in the order which they were updated.
